updated docker layer caching docs (#4478)
harness/developer-hub: kb/continuous-integration/continuous-integration-faqs.md

#### Is remote caching supported in Build and Push steps?

> Harness supports multiple Docker layer caching methods depending on what infrastructure is used. See our [Docker Layer Caching](/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/caching-ci-data/docker-layer-caching) documentation to learn more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Harness supports multiple Docker layer caching methods depending on what infrastructure is used. Go to [Docker layer caching](/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/caching-ci-data/docker-layer-caching) to learn more.
```
